#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via datasette
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asgi-csrf==0.11
    # via datasette
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via datasette
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==24.1.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.4
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
datasette==0.65.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasette-template-request
    #   datasette-template-sql
datasette-template-request==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
datasette-template-sql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flexcache==0.3
    # via datasette
flexparser==0.4
    # via datasette
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   jupyterlab
hupper==1.12.1
    # via datasette
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.32.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   asgi-csrf
    #   datasette
janus==2.0.0
    # via datasette
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-archive==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-archive
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-proxy==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
lxml==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via datasette
mistune==3.1.1
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==1.25.0
    # via altair
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.2.2
    # via pandas
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   sqlite-utils
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymupdf==1.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   sqlite-utils
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via asgi-csrf
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
simpervisor==1.0.0
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-fts4==1.0.3
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.38
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sqlite-utils
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cattrs
    #   datasette
    #   flexcache
    #   flexparser
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   referencing
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via datasette
voila==0.5.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==14.2
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
